{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red217\green11\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Project Proposal: Arduino Breakout \
CMPUT 274	\
\
November 13, 2013\
\
Meaghan Neill\
\
My project will be to make a version of the classic game breakout, using a joystick, pushbutton, and LCD screen. I am hoping to make 3 different difficulties, controlled by a potentiometer and displayed by LED lights, as well as more then 1 level (maybe up to 5). If possible, I would also like to make it 2 player, where they battle against each other via each side of the screen and two joysticks.\
\
Description of game: A ball travels across the screen, bouncing off the top and side walls of the screen. When a brick is hit, the ball bounces away and the brick is destroyed. The bricks line the top 1/3rd of the screen. The player loses a turn when the ball touches the bottom of the screen. To prevent this from happening, the player has a movable paddle to bounce the ball upward, keeping it in play.\
\
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breakout_(video_game)\
\
Milestones:\
1. Create the ball, making sure it can go anywhere on the screen, but not outside of it. Also, make sure that if it hits anything, it changes direction.\
\
2. Create the bricks for the ball to hit and destroy. Make sure the whenever the ball hits these places it changes direction and the brick is permanently destroyed. Also create a basic score tracking system for each brick you hit.\
\
3. Create a paddle on a black screen, making sure it only moves left and right with the controller. If the ball hits it, it changes direction.\
\
4. Change the border so that if the ball goes outside of the border on the axis of the paddle, you lose the game.\
\
5. (Optional) Create a game with multiple lives.\
\
\cf2 6. (Optional) Create multiple difficulties to be expressed by a potentiometer and LED lights.}
